# Simsa 심사

Simsa (from *sungpoomdan simsa* -- 승품단 심사-- promotion examination) is
software that implements the Kukkiwon Taekwondo dan/poom promotion examination
specification as an easy-to-use portable web application. 

## Examination Criteria

Kukkiwon recognizes four areas of study within Taekwondo, with a fifth area in
progress. The four areas are: (1) *kibon*, basic techniques; (2) *poomsae*,
demonstration of forms that contain quintessential movements of Taekwondo; (3)
*gyeorugi*, demonstration of sport combat; and (4) *kyukpa*, demonstration of
power and technique by breaking objects such as wooden boards, cement bricks,
etc. A fifth area, *hosinsul* or self-defense techniques, has been proposed and
may be included at a later unspecified date.

Kukkiwon has defined guidelines to score these four areas of study, which shall
be discussed in greater detail below. For full details, see [1]. A panel of
*examiners* shall score the performances of one or more *examinees* in each of
the four areas of study. The panel shall consist of 1, 3, or 5 examiners. Each
score shall be out of 100 points, with 60% needed for a passing score. An
examinee successfully passes the given area of study if they achieve passing
scores from a majority of the panel (i.e. 1 of 1, 2 of 3, or 3 of 5). If an
examinee fails in a given area, they may retest at a later date to be determined
by the examination committee. They will only need to retest in the areas where
the examinee did not pass.

In addition to the four areas of study, Kukkiwon requires factual understanding
of Taekwondo, demonstrated by one or more of the following methods: (1) a
written exam; (2) original research thesis or exposition of relevant personal
experience; (3) interview. Similar to the above areas of study, the written
thesis has defined guidelines for scoring; the written exam and interview do
not yet have any recommendations for scoring.

### Kibon Examination

### Poomsae Examination

### Gyeorugi Examination

### Kyukpa Examination

### Hosinsul Examination (Forthcoming feature)

### Written Essay or Exam

## References

[1] Kukkiwon World Taekwondo Academy, *Poom-Dan Promotion Test Examiner Course Textbook*
